README.md, before:

# Modular Pricing Calculator

WordPress plugin that lets dog daycare businesses provide an interactive calculator so prospects can configure weekly care subscriptions (model, half/full day, days per week) and submit a request that is saved in WordPress and emailed to the business.

## Features
- Configurable pricing tables for two subscription models (half/full day, 1‑5 days per week)
- Inline-validated frontend form with accordion or always-open layout
- Optional two-step flow that separates price selection (Step A) from contact capture (Step B)
- Optional reCAPTCHA v2 spam protection
- Saves submissions to `wp_pricing_configurations` and sends plain-text notification email
- Gutenberg block and shortcode support for easy embedding

## Installation
1. Upload the `modular-pricing-calculator` folder to `wp-content/plugins/`.
2. Activate **Modular Pricing Calculator** in the WordPress admin.
3. Visit **Modular Pricing → Modular Pricing** to configure pricing, colors, email target, and optional reCAPTCHA.

## Usage

### Shortcode
Add the calculator into any post or page:

```
[pricing_calculator]
```

### Gutenberg Block
Insert the block **Modular Pricing Calculator** from the Widgets category to render the same form.

### Admin Pages
- `Modular Pricing → Modular Pricing`: plugin settings (pricing, colors, display mode, step mode, notification email, reCAPTCHA keys).
- `Modular Pricing → User Configurations`: latest submissions stored in the custom table.

### Configurable Step Flow
- In **Modular Pricing → Modular Pricing** you can choose between `Single step` (legacy combined form) and `Two steps`, which breaks the experience into:
  - **Step A**: Pricing choices (model, duration, weekdays) and live monthly calculation.
  - **Step B**: Contact, dog info, and notes, plus a recap of the selections from Step A.
- Switching modes requires no shortcode changes—the front-end updates automatically.

## Email Notifications
Each valid submission sends a plain-text email containing contact details, care preferences, selected weekdays, monthly price, notes, and timestamp to the configured notification address.

## Database
On activation the plugin creates `wp_pricing_configurations` (table name respects the site prefix) with columns for name, contact info, subscription selection, price, notes, and submission timestamp.

Commit message:

0.11
Added changelog entry for version 0.11.0 documenting:
Renamed "User Configurations" to "Submitted Forms"
Status management with dropdown selector
All status options
Bulk delete functionality
Database migration

README.md, after:

# Modular Pricing Calculator

WordPress plugin that lets dog daycare businesses provide an interactive calculator so prospects can configure weekly care subscriptions (model, half/full day, days per week) and submit a request that is saved in WordPress and emailed to the business.

## Features
- Configurable pricing tables for two subscription models (half/full day, 1‑5 days per week)
- Inline-validated frontend form with accordion or always-open layout
- Optional two-step flow that separates price selection (Step A) from contact capture (Step B)
- Optional reCAPTCHA v2 spam protection
- Saves submissions to `wp_pricing_configurations` and sends plain-text notification email
- Gutenberg block and shortcode support for easy embedding

## Installation
1. Upload the `modular-pricing-calculator` folder to `wp-content/plugins/`.
2. Activate **Modular Pricing Calculator** in the WordPress admin.
3. Visit **Modular Pricing → Modular Pricing** to configure pricing, colors, email target, and optional reCAPTCHA.

## Usage

### Shortcode
Add the calculator into any post or page:

```
[pricing_calculator]
```

### Gutenberg Block
Insert the block **Modular Pricing Calculator** from the Widgets category to render the same form.

### Admin Pages
- `Modular Pricing → Modular Pricing`: plugin settings (pricing, colors, display mode, step mode, notification email, reCAPTCHA keys).
- `Modular Pricing → Submitted Forms`: latest submissions stored in the custom table with status management and bulk delete functionality.

### Configurable Step Flow
- In **Modular Pricing → Modular Pricing** you can choose between `Single step` (legacy combined form) and `Two steps`, which breaks the experience into:
  - **Step A**: Pricing choices (model, duration, weekdays) and live monthly calculation.
  - **Step B**: Contact, dog info, and notes, plus a recap of the selections from Step A.
- Switching modes requires no shortcode changes—the front-end updates automatically.

## Email Notifications
Each valid submission sends a plain-text email containing contact details, care preferences, selected weekdays, monthly price, notes, and timestamp to the configured notification address.

## Database
On activation the plugin creates `wp_pricing_configurations` (table name respects the site prefix) with columns for name, contact info, subscription selection, price, notes, status, and submission timestamp. The status field defaults to "Neu" and can be updated to track the progress of each submission.
